docs(Grid): add filter, sort, editing and group tools with pager adaptiveness (#2945)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/pager/overview.md

| Parameter | Type and Default&nbsp;Value | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |

> |`Adaptive` | `bool` <br /> (`true`) | Defines whether pager elements change based on the screen size. When enabled, the Pager will hide its `Pager Info` and `PageSize Dropdownlist` if they cannot fit in the available space. In the smallest resolution, the page buttons will be rendered as a select element. This parameter will be deprecated in the next major version in favor of the new `Responsive` parameter. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`Adaptive` | `bool` <br /> (`true`) | Defines whether pager elements change based on the screen size. When enabled, the Pager will hide its `Pager Info` and `PageSize Dropdownlist` if they cannot fit in the available space. In the smallest resolution, the page buttons will be rendered as a select element. This parameter will be deprecated in the next major version in favor of the new `Responsive` parameter. |
```
Based on this context only, it is not clear which is the next major version we are referring to. Let's be more specific and list the exact version.

> |`Adaptive` | `bool` <br /> (`true`) | Defines whether pager elements should be changed based on the screen size. When enabled, the Pager will hide its `Pager Info` and `PageSize Dropdownlist` if they cannot fit in the available space. In the smallest resolution, the page buttons will be rendered as a select element. This parameter will be deprecated in the next major version in favor of the new `Responsive` parameter. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`Adaptive` | `bool` <br /> (`true`) | Defines whether pager elements change based on the screen size. When enabled, the Pager will hide its `Pager Info` and `PageSize Dropdownlist` if they cannot fit in the available space. In the smallest resolution, the page buttons will be rendered as a select element. This parameter will be deprecated in the next major version in favor of the new `Responsive` parameter. |
```

> | `AdaptiveMode` | `AdaptiveMode` enum <br /> (`None`) | Defines the adaptive mode of the Pager. When set to `Auto`, and the window width is below `768px` or `RootComponentAdaptiveSettings.Medium`, components with popups will render them as an `ActionSheet`. In this case, the page sizes dropdown only. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AdaptiveMode` | `AdaptiveMode` enum <br /> (`None`) | Defines the adaptive mode of the Pager. When set to `Auto`, and the window width is below [`768px` or `RootComponentAdaptiveSettings.Medium`](slug:adaptive-rendering#rendering-specifics), components with popups will render them as an `ActionSheet`. In this case, the page sizes dropdown only. |
```

| `PageSize` | `int` | The number of items to display on a page. Supports two-way binding. |
| `PageSizes` | `List<int?>` | Allows users to change the page size via a DropDownList. The attribute configures the DropDownList options. A `null` item in the `PageSizes` `List` will render an "All" option. By default, the Pager DropDownList is not displayed. You can also set `PageSizes` to `null` programmatically to remove the DropDownList at any time. |
| `InputType` | `PagerInputType` enum <br /> (`Buttons`) | Determines if the pager will show numeric buttons to go to a specific page, or a textbox to type the page index. The arrow buttons are always visible. The `PagerInputType` enum accepts values `Buttons` (default) or `Input`. When `Input` is used, the page index will change when the textbox is blurred, or when the user hits Enter. This is to avoid unintentional data requests. |

> | `Responsive` | `bool` <br /> (`true`) | Defines whether pager elements should be changed based on the screen size. When enabled, the Pager will hide its `Pager Info` and `PageSize Dropdownlist` if they cannot fit in the available space. In the smallest resolution, the page buttons will be rendered as a select element. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `Responsive` | `bool` <br /> (`true`) | Defines whether pager elements change based on the screen size. When enabled, the Pager will hide its `Pager Info` and `PageSize Dropdownlist` if they cannot fit in the available space. In the smallest resolution, the page buttons will be rendered as a select element. |
```
